Update contributing (#21)
ContaAzul/newrelic_browser_exporter: CONTRIBUTING.md

# **How to contribute to newrelic browser exporter**

#### Table of Contents

[Project structure](#project-structure)
  * [application](#application)
  * [plugins](#plugins)

[How to set up a new metric](#How-to-set-up-a-new-metric)

[Tests](#tests)

## **Project structure**

### **application**:
```
─ src/
  ├── app/
  │   ├── routes/
  │   │   └── metrics.js
  │   ├── router.js
  │   └── server.js
  └── index.js
```

**[src/app/routes/metrics.js](https://github.com/ContaAzul/newrelic_browser_exporter/blob/master/src/app/routes/metrics.js)** - It represents the `/metrics` route, which outputs the metrics from `register.metrics()` as a string in a Prometheus like format that can be consumed by a [Prometheus Client](https://github.com/siimon/prom-client#register).

> **[src/app/router.js](https://github.com/ContaAzul/newrelic_browser_exporter/blob/master/src/app/router.js)** - It registers all applications routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[src/app/router.js](https://github.com/ContaAzul/newrelic_browser_exporter/blob/master/src/app/router.js)** - It registers all application routes.
```

**[src/app/server.js](https://github.com/ContaAzul/newrelic_browser_exporter/blob/master/src/app/server.js)** - Contains the code to start and configure the application.

**[src/index.js](https://github.com/ContaAzul/newrelic_browser_exporter/blob/master/src/index.js)** - It starts the application.

### **plugins**:
```
─ src/
  └── plugins/
      ├── newrelic_browser/
      │   ├── javascriptErrorsPercent/
      │   └── api-request.js
      └── prometheus/
          └── charts/
              ├── default.js
              └──  gauge.js
```

**[newrelic_browser/](https://github.com/ContaAzul/newrelic_browser_exporter/tree/master/src/plugins/newrelic_browser)** - This plugin is responsible for pulling data from New Relic's API([api-request.js](https://github.com/ContaAzul/newrelic_browser_exporter/blob/master/src/plugins/newrelic_browser/api-request.js)) and exporting it as Prometheus charts.

> **[prometheus](https://github.com/ContaAzul/newrelic_browser_exporter/tree/master/src/plugins/prometheus)** - Contains the metric types used to create new Prometheus charts and exports the global Prometheus `registry`. To know which metrics are supported by prometheus, see [metric types](https://prometheus.io/docs/concepts/metric_types/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[prometheus](https://github.com/ContaAzul/newrelic_browser_exporter/tree/master/src/plugins/prometheus)** - Contains the metric types used to create new Prometheus charts and exports the global Prometheus `registry`. To know which metrics are supported by Prometheus, see [metric types](https://prometheus.io/docs/concepts/metric_types/).
```

## **How to set up a new metric**

Create a new folder inside `newrelic_browser` plugin. Inside this folder create a new file that must have a public method called `collectData` which must return a new `Promise`. The public method initializes and returns the chart:

```js
// javascriptErrorsPercent.js
const GaugeChart = require('../../prometheus/charts/gauge');
let JSErrorsGauge;

const collectData = () => new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
  if (!JSErrorsGauge) {
    JSErrorsGauge = new GaugeChart({
      name: 'newrelic_browser_javascript_errors_percent',
      help: 'return a percentage of pageviews with javascript errors',
    });
  }

  ...
}

module.exports = {
  collectData,
};
```

> Please read [prometheus best practices](https://prometheus.io/docs/practices/naming/) to name your chart's configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please take a look at [Prometheus best practices](https://prometheus.io/docs/practices/naming/) to learn how to set up a chart's configurations properly.
```

> After creating the chart's configuration it is necessary to set up the parameters such as `name` and `value` to retrieve specific metrics from this [New Relic's API](https://rpm.newrelic.com/api/explore/applications/metric_data)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After configuring the chart, it is necessary to set up parameters such as `name` and `value` to retrieve specific metrics from [New Relic's API](https://rpm.newrelic.com/api/explore/applications/metric_data)
```

# **How to contribute to newrelic browser exporter**

#### Table of Contents

[Project structure](#project-structure)
  * [application](#application)
  * [plugins](#plugins)

[How to set up a new metric](#How-to-set-up-new-metric)

[Tests](#tests)

## **Project structure**

### **application**:
```
─ src/
  ├── app/
  │   ├── routes/
  │   │   └── metrics.js
  │   ├── router.js
  │   └── server.js
  └── index.js
```

> **[src/app/routes/metrics.js](https://github.com/ContaAzul/newrelic_browser_exporter/blob/master/src/app/routes/metrics.js)** - Will be executed when the /metrics route is accessed. This code will start to collect data from newRelic plugin and output a string to [prometheus consuming](https://github.com/siimon/prom-client#register).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[src/app/routes/metrics.js](https://github.com/ContaAzul/newrelic_browser_exporter/blob/master/src/app/routes/metrics.js)** - It represents the `/metrics` route, which outputs the metrics from `register.metrics()` as a string in a Prometheus like format that can be consumed by a [Prometheus Client](https://github.com/siimon/prom-client#register).
```
